Thank u pulak sasmal,
good evening to all of you 
I am Ronak kumar, here to present u our case study on Insubric region of Europe.
before we dive in case study, first of all, I would like to shortly explain what are challenges faced by forest ecosystem.
<------------------------------------------------------>


Forest ecosystems face multiple challenges due to climate change, invasive species, urbanization, land use change 
and the interactions between these global change drivers.

this case study points out the challenges faced by Insubric forest ecosystem.

Insubria is a region on the southern side of the European alps, famous for its 
stunning lakes (e.g., Como, Garda, Lugano, Maggiore), blessed by a relatively 
mild and humid climate, and shaped by the geologic fault line between the African
 and European plates.
Global change impacts in Insubria pose a threat to its biodiversity 
and chestnut woodlands, particularly through modified winter forest fire regimes. 
Insubric biodiversity conservation, in turn, is essential to counteract the effects of
climate change. sustainable management of Insubric forests is made more difficult 
by rural abandonment, air pollution and invasive exotic species. there is a need to
develop reliable long-term bio-indicators and to predict the shift of Insubric species, 
ecosystems and treelines due to rapid climate changes. 

<--------------------------------------------------------->

a shorty history of human impacts on Insubric forest

Human impacts on ecosystems in insubria have been pervasive long before the arrival of global change. 
this legacy may make Insubric forests more resilient to further human pressures, but it might also be hypothesized that
       1)the historic impacts have made ecosystems more fragile to future destabilization.
       2)the second hypothesis is more likely to pertain if rural abandonment and urban densification 	
          continue unabated. insubria was indeed characterized for centuries by a human density higher 
          than what the local resources could sustain.
these long lasted human impacts have pushed insubria forest ecosystem up to the point where it can cause a complete 
forest ecosystem collapse

<------------------------------------------------------------->
at this point, we have enough background context about insubria now we should take a look where it is geographically located:
  Insubric is a historical-geographical region which corresponds to the area inhabited in Classical antiquity by the Insubres; 
the name can also refer to the Duchy of Milan. For several centuries this name stood for an area stretching approximately 
between the Adda river in the east and the Sesia river in the west, and between the San Gottardo Pass in the north and 
the Po River in the south

basically, it is a region spread across southern part of Switzerland and northern part of Italy
<------------------------------------------------------------->

now I would like to hand over mic to AASHUTOSH, thanx for your valuable time
